my people people people people poor
people people people people people
people people
you're looking good what I'm it personal
to me a body in a brothers to what I
give up go to the women's restroom on
the other side of them don't think I
won't report this expecting a show stay
out of the ladies restroom now
you won't give up will you What's Wrong
agent Denton's the guy I met in the
bathroom Oh carry on with your bullshit
I'm just taking one last look at the old
bitch's carpet and you'll be ready Paul
drop go in and go in the heart
I'll use my as a few litres going to be
enough hmm
don't think you know something about the
lady I don't how much to take the lady
off your hands for an hour 200 up front
and I'll hook you up
forget it we talking about some rock a
great deaf hoochie with me is always
said Gordon
sucks to get backed into a corner
but don't expect any hospitality from
the FEMA people
[Music]
this is what I was made for isn't it
this is why I exist
all right